Previously on The Affair...
It's nice to see you
again. Mrs. Solloway.
It's nice to see you. Colin.
Is something wrong?
I'm just tired. Dad.
You know. I'm doing everything.
Colin still can't work
'cause of his visa situation.
This marriage thing. you
don't have to do it. you know.
Yeah. but actually. Dad.
I do. because if I don't.
then Colin has to
leave the country.
Mom. Vik. this is Furkat.
Welcome.
- Are you two working together?
- I'm his assistant.
Try to think of what Whitney's
doing as a sort of apprenticeship.
Was she here?
Get out.
Get out!
Hey.
Erica. script supervisor.
Uh. in this sex scene. how
important is the exact wording?
What are you doing.
man. with Helen?
She's the mother of my
children. She's my best friend.
Whom you lied to.
cheated on and left.
What?
I know he's here. Where
the fuck is he? Sasha!
He's using you to get to me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ I was screaming
into the canyon ♪
♪ At the moment of my death ♪
♪ The echo I created ♪
♪ Outlasted my last breath ♪
♪ My voice it made
an avalanche ♪
♪ And buried a
man I never knew ♪
♪ And when he died.
his widowed bride ♪
♪ Met your daddy
and they made you ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the
wave that I am And then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the
wave that I am And then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ I have only one thing to do ♪
♪ And that's be the
wave that I am And then ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean
Sink back into the ocean ♪
♪ Sink back into the o... ♪
♪ Sink back into the ocean ♪
Trevor?
Stacey?
Damn it.
Oh. hey. Margaret.
Why are you here?
Uh. Helen's got a meeting today.
I said I'd take
the kids to school.
- Are they ready?
- Not remotely.
They haven't had their breakfast because
there's no one here to cook it for them.
Well. usually they just
have cereal for breakfast.
- Hey. Stace.
- Dad.
- Hey.
- Happy Halloween.
Oh. God. is it
Halloween? I forgot.
Shocker.
What are you guys doing?
Oh. uh. we're going to Sasha
Mann's party tonight with Mom.
You are?
Yeah. Brooklyn's dad says Sasha's
party is legendary in Los Angeles.
Oh. Guess I'm out of the loop.
Are you coming. too?
Uh. no. It's the
first I've heard of it.
So you'll come.
- I can't. I've got to grade some papers.
- Dad. it's Halloween. You have to come.
No. Dad probably
didn't make the guest list.
Why not? He wrote Sasha's movie.
Nobody cares about
the writer. stupid.
Dad's. like. the most
disposable person on set.
- Trevor. don't call your sister stupid.
- I'm not going if Dad's not invited.
Oh. come on now. that's silly.
- You'll enjoy it.
- But I want to do something together.
as a family.
You remember that
Halloween in Brooklyn.
when Mom took home the
wrong mummy from the party
and left Martin?
Because she couldn't tell the
difference between him and the other kid.
You remember that?
Yeah. And then. in the end. the
other kid didn't want to go home.
because being with the
Solloways. even as an imposter.
was more fun than
being with his own family.
I remember. too.
No. you don't. You've
just heard the stories.
You were a baby.
Why don't we all go
out for dinner this week?
I'll see if I can get it on
your mother's calendar.
Okay.
Well. yeah. tell her I said. uh.
I know that it's a little
bit more expensive.
but why spend all the
money on the chaise
if you don't want to cover
it with an amazing fabric?
Hey. Helen.
- Who's she talking to?
- Mm. Her assistant.
- She has an assistant?
- Okay. great.
Thank you for doing this.
Happy to help.
Trevor said he'd quit school
if I let my mother drop him off.
We were just remembering
that Halloween when you. uh.
picked up the wrong mummy
and left Martin at the party.
- Remember that?
- I never did that.
- Yeah. you did.
- Yeah. you did. Mom.
- Wow.
You guys were practically
raised by wolves.
and yet. you turned out so well.
Can you get your
shit for school?
Yeah. okay.
Well...
I guess I'll take the trash out.
since no one else is doing it.
Thanks. Mom.
How are you?
- Good. You?
- Good.
- Been a while.
- Yeah. Yeah. I wanted to. um...
I wanted to talk to you
about what happened.
What do you mean?
You know. in the karaoke bar.
- How much do you remember?
- Enough.
I think. um...
I think watching this movie getting
made. it's-it's bringing up a lot of stuff.
and I'm-I'm not
handling it properly.
Mm-hm.
So my feelings over the. you
know. ownership of the book
and trying to get the
story right. I. uh. maybe I...
Maybe that spilled over to you.
and I blurred the lines a little.
You think?
Anyway. the point
is. I'm-I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have...
I'm sorry. you know.
You can do what you
want with your personal life.
I should just give
you some privacy.
All I want is to maintain a
healthy co-parenting relationship.
for the sake of the kids.
Well. for once. we
want the same thing.
Bye. guys.
Oh. um. Mom. don't forget to
pick up the lace for my garter belt.
Will not.
I'm going as Dr. Frank-N-Furter.
Oh. for God sakes. Trevor.
if you have to be gay. can't
you be the elegant kind?
- You mean like Grandpa?
- Okay. that's enough. Come on.
Let's go. We're late.
Come on.
Noah... my man.
Where's your costume?
Oh. uh. I didn't realize
teachers had to dress up.
- Did we do that last year?
- No. because Janelle was allergic to fun.
But there's a new
sheriff in town.
Get it? Hang tight.
I'll find you something to wear.
Oh. did you... see this?
Good press for your movie.
Ah. bummed about
the thing with your ex?
- How'd you know this was my ex?
- You told me.
Over tacos.
Oh. God.
You want her back.
- No.
- If you want her back.
you just got to find
this guy's kryptonite.
- I don't want her back.
- All these movie stars.
these big shots. they're
actually super perverted
- once you get to know them.
- How many movie stars do you know?
Scientology.
Sex trafficking.
Gerbils in the anus.
What?
Here's the question
you got to ask yourself.
What is the one thing that
is gonna get your wife...
- Ex-wife.
- To get out of bed with Sasha Mann?
I don't know.
I bet you do.
Oh!
Pop this on before
your next class.
We good. Jungle Janitor?
Don't say I never
did you a solid.
Hey. kids. Hi.
- Hey. guys.
- There he is.
The man of the hour.
Hey. Sorry I'm late. I had a couple
of student conferences after school.
How about our friend here?
Hit movie in the works.
still teaching high school.
Walking the walk.
Yeah. so sorry I
called the meeting
and. uh. raised a red
flag; it's just that. um...
there's been a. uh. uh.
a miscommunication.
and. um. I've been
banned from the set.
So I need you to help me
smooth it over or whatever
and so I can go back to work.
When you say you've been
banned from set. what...
- What does that mean exactly?
- Banned by who?
By. uh. Sasha.
- Mann?
- Yeah. Sasha Mann.
Huh.
Listen. we love that you
want to see the process
- all the way through...
- It shows passion.
But really. is there anything
more boring than production?
Yawn city.
No. guys. no. Look...
this has been a ten-year journey
trying to realize this book as a movie.
and... it's my life story.
so I need to be there
- to make sure it's done right.
- We get it. Noah.
This is your baby. but let's
not lose sight of the big picture.
When the town sees "written by
Sasha Mann and Noah Solloway"
on a box office smash.
every above-the-title star in Hollywood
is gonna be knocking down your door
to co-write their
passion project.
Wait a second. what do you mean?
It's not gonna say that. It's gonna
say "written by Noah Solloway." right?
So. the good news is. Sasha Mann
- is really invested in this movie.
- Mm-hm.
Are you fucking kidding me?
He gets a fucking writing credit?
No. no. we...
We can't let him have
it. We have to fight this.
- We totally get how you feel.
- Hmm. Yeah.
But Hollywood's a small town.
Relationships are everything.
Think about it: "Disgruntled
first-time screenwriter
battles beloved movie
star in credit arbitration."
Mm.
- Come on. that's not a good look.
- No.
I don't give a shit
what it looks like.
He didn't write that movie.
I fucking wrote the movie.
And as my representatives. I
need you to help me stand up to him.
As Sasha Mann's representatives.
we're not gonna be able to do that.
But wait.
We have something
that will cheer you up.
- Mm.
- Show him the key art. Jordan.
We just got this.
Huh?
Come on.
It's pretty good. right?
Hey.
Hello. Mr. Solloway?
Sorry. who is this?
This is Jocelyn from
Helen Butler's office.
Helen's stuck in a swatch meeting
and needs you to go to Jo-Ann Fabrics
on La Cienega and pick up...
some lace for her
son's garter belt.
- Excuse me. I don't understand.
- She says her son
can explain the
specifics if you call him.
- Yeah. he's our son and...
- Sorry. That's the whole message.
Yeah. can I speak
to Helen. please?
Let me see if I can get her.
I'm sorry. I don't
have her right now.
What do you mean.
you "don't have her"?
Did you just... Did
you just talk to her?
I'm afraid I have another call.
I'll give Ms. Butler your message.
No. I don't want to
leave a message...
This is tulle. Dad. I said lace.
Well. what do you want me
to do. Trevor? Take it back?
You know what?
No. There's no time.
Guess I'm just gonna have to
wear this boring. plain garter belt.
- Trevor. I think you look fantastic.
- Yeah. thanks. Dad.
When is Mom taking
you to this party?
- It's almost 6:00.
- Noah?
May I talk to you for a minute?
There's been a change of plans.
which shouldn't be a surprise to anyone.
Why? What's going on?
Helen's working late.
She's asked me to drive
them to Sasha Mann's.
She says she'll meet them there.
- Can't she take the night off?
- I don't understand
why she's taking them to
Sasha Mann's party at all.
The whole thing
seems ridiculous to me.
Bruce has Alzheimer's.
God. I'm sorry. Margaret. I
thought... I thought as much.
Me. too. but what
are you doing about it?
What is anyone doing about it?
Instead of coming back east
to help me take care of him.
Helen's sashaying around
Hollywood like she's Nicole Kidman.
- It's grotesque.
- Margaret. I think Helen
just needs to take care
of Helen for a while. Okay?
- She's been through a lot.
- She hasn't slept here for a week.
I am basically those
children's mother now.
Wait. when's Mom coming home?
She doesn't care about you
anymore. She's taking care of Helen.
- That's enough.
- Wait. what?
Trevor. Go find your
sister and get in the car.
I'm taking you to Malibu.
What? No. No.
no. no. no. no. no.
There's no way I'm showing up at
the hippest party I've ever been to
with my grandmother.
Dad. why can't you drive us?
Okay. come on. let's go.
Gonna take forever in this traffic.
Where's Stacey? Stacey!
She's been locked in the bathroom
ever since we got home from school.
- What? Why?
- I have no idea.
- Stacey?
- What?
- Is everything okay in there?
- Go away.
Look. I-I'm sorry. uh.
Mom had to work late.
but I can take you to the
party. you can see her there.
- I'm not going.
- Why not?
I don't want to talk about it.
- Stacey. come on. let me in.
- Go away. Dad.
I don't want you. I want Mom.
- I think Aunt Flo's come to visit.
- What?
Oh. shit.
Um... What... Can you
give her something?
- Like what?
- Well. I don't know.
like. a tampon or a pad or...
Noah. I'm 73.
Oh. shit. right.
Can you check in
Helen's bathroom. will you?
Stace?
- Should I send your grandmother in?
- No!
Look. Stacey. just. uh. just...
Okay. just tell me what you want.
I want Mom.
Look. Dad. can't she just stuff some
tissues down her pants or something?
- We're gonna be late.
- You told him?
Well. look at him. He's
practically a woman anyway.
- More so than you.
- Trevor. that's not helpful.
I'm calling you an Uber. You
can go to the party on your own.
- Seriously?
- Yeah. seriously.
It'll be out front in six
minutes. Don't do drugs.
Okay. Yes!
Margaret. you're gonna go
out and get Stacey some pads.
Why do I have to be the
sherpa around here all the time?
- Why don't you go get the pads?
- Because I'm her father!
I'm staying here in
case she needs me.
There you are. Noah.
Welcome back.
It's nice to see you again.
Thanks. Dad.
Thanks.
Stace? I've got your. uh...
Margaret. what are you doing?
You'd leave somebody if you found
this in their bedroom. wouldn't you?
- What is it?
- It's a pocket pussy.
This is what you need to do:
sneak into Sasha Mann's party.
figure out where he sleeps. and
plant this stuff all around his room.
Then later. Helen
will find it. and...
he's toast.
Are you sure it's Bruce
who's losing his mind?
Margaret. what-what kind of
a person do you think I am?
- No. don't answer that.
- Do you know what I think?
I think he's in one of those cults
these Hollywood people are so into.
I think she's being brainwashed.
Look. just 'cause Helen's not
doing what you want her to do
doesn't mean she's
being brainwashed.
Oh. hey. Stacey.
- Hey. Everything okay?
- I'm fine.
Sure? Want to get your costume on
and I'll take you over to Sasha's house?
I'm not going. I hate him.
Who. Sasha?
Well. he can't be that bad. I mean.
if Mom wants to hang out with him.
I don't know why you're
defending him. Dad.
He says such mean
things about you.
Like what?
He's called you a loser.
He says Mom could've
done so much better.
Does Helen have a toolbox here?
♪ Using love as a weapon
Better sharpen up your aim ♪
♪ You send it out as an arrow
But it soon comes back again ♪
♪ Said you know what you're doing
But you don't really have a plan ♪
♪ And now you're waiting on your
lover When you already got a man ♪
♪ Looking at your lover Gonna
make yourself a freedom ♪
paint yourself a highway ♪
♪ Looking at your lover And
he's out there in the rain ♪
♪ Looking at your lover
Gonna make myself ♪
♪ Gonna make myself again ♪
♪ Wasn't like I was looking
Wasn't like I had it planned ♪
♪ But sometimes you get lucky
And it falls right in your hands ♪
Can I get a Johnnie
Walker. please? With. uh. ice.
Thanks.
I thought that was you.
Erica. Oh. hi.
I didn't think you were coming.
Haven't seen you
around set lately.
- The rumor's not true. is it?
- What rumor?
People are saying that you were flirting
with Sasha's girlfriend or something.
and they banned you from set.
- What?
- No?
No.
No. Sasha's girlfriend is...
No. no. no. it wasn't that.
I didn't think so. because you've
always been such a gentleman around me.
Maybe too much of a gentleman.
While you're here. Mr. Handyman.
maybe you could help me with something.
'cause I just can't seem to
get this darn thing to stay up.
I... Oh.
I just... I... Oh. God.
Oh. God. I didn't even
think you liked me.
What?
You never talked to me on set.
Here. Oh...
Wait. wait.
Wait. where are you going?
I need to borrow this.
I'll be right back.
Whatever you say. Mr. Handsy
Man. But don't be too long. I'm cold.
Don't move.
Noah?
What the fuck are you
doing in my bedroom?
I was... I was looking
for the bathroom.
You passed three on the way.
and there are a dozen Porta Potties
outside for guests. where the party is.
There was a line. I. um...
needed to piss. you know.
I'll get out of your hair now.
That's weird.
Is that yours?
You're such an asshole.
Hi.
- Cats or dogs?
- Cats.
- Favorite sport?
- Curling.
- It's hurling.
- Nobody here knows the difference.
- Whitney.
- Hurling. hurling. hurling.
- Mother's maiden name?
- Whiteman.
It's Whitman.
Boxers or briefs?
- They're not gonna ask that.
- They might.
- Commando.
- Very good.
I can't. I can't.
I'm gonna be late.
Stop.
- Move!
- Fucking Andrea.
Colin. we're out
of coffee again.
I'll get some.
Also. the toilet's clogged.
Do we have a plunger?
Isn't it underneath the sink?
I got to go.
- What time will you be home?
- I don't know.
How's your work going?
- Good.
- Yeah?
Maybe I come by the
studio and see it sometime.
It's not ready yet.
Andrea?
No. That one needs to be higher.
Hold on.
That's too close to the ceiling.
Okay.
- Um...
- Yeah... Uh. no.
You know. that's
not working either.
Let's try 18 inches
to the left.
Hey. Andrea. do you think we
could turn the AC on just for a bit?
The AC is for visiting hours
only. and you know that.
So. anyway. the place
was like the fucking
Handmaid's Tale.
All these drugged women
separated by curtains.
and these older male doctors
patting you on the thigh. talking
about your "advanced maternal age."
like they're doing
you a fucking favor.
Like you haven't paid
$50.000 for the privilege
of them harvesting your eggs.
You know...
I think you're right. That one
did work better by the door.
These bloggers. so annoying.
Andrea Rossman Gallery.
Yeah. 5 South Santa Fe
Avenue. That's right. Thank you.
Andrea Rossman Gallery.
Yeah. 12:00 noon to 7:00.
Thank you.
You know. if you would
finally finish the website.
you wouldn't have to spend so much
time answering questions on the phone.
That's a really good point.
I'm gonna do that ASAP.
Hey. by the way. did you get a
chance to look at payroll for this week?
Has another week
gone by already?
Um. I just...
My landlord got really pissy when I
asked for another extension. and...
I mean. we haven't
paid it in a while. so...
Don't take this the
wrong way. sweetheart.
but there's a thousand
other little gallerinas
that would do this job
for free just for the access.
We're not open.
Oh... my God.
It's worse than
I'd ever imagined.
Oh. my God.
Please... come in. Welcome.
- Um. what can my girl get you to drink?
- Mm.
It certainly is. um. balmy.
Oh. I'm sorry. We're
installing a new HVAC system.
And. you know. toxins
or particles that could possibly
degrade the material. Um...
Furkat. I'm such a fan.
What brings you to my. uh...
Are you just browsing? Um...
Are you maybe looking for
West Coast representation?
Hmm. You're sweet.
Look at you. dollface.
You look just like Cinderella.
What are you doing here?
Well. just so happens
I have a show opening
soon at The Broad.
And a piece being inducted
into their permanent collection.
There's a huge party
tomorrow night to celebrate...
well. me.
And since I just happened
to be in the neighborhood.
I thought I'd reach out
and see how my old friend...
and the love of my life Whitney
Solloway was holding up.
But I never expected
to find her in such a...
such a...
bubbling petri dish
of nascent creativity.
Andrea Rossman.
I love your vaginas.
Pleasure.
Look. the truth is...
I'm desperate for a date
to my opening tomorrow.
How about we fit you
for some glass slippers
so you can come along?
I can't.
We're about to open a new exhibition
here. and I've got so much to do.
Thank you. though.
Okay. Well. how about I
just leave this invitation here
in case you could make it?
Oh. look. it's a... There's a plus-one
if you wanted to bring someone along.
Look...
I know we didn't part
on the best of terms.
But I'm here...
to try to make it up to you.
Another time.
This stuff is...
livid with pain.
Hey.
I was just napping.
Whit. you know I
don't mind if you drink.
That's okay. I'll just. um...
I'll just have coffee.
That'll wake me up.
Ooh... I'm sorry.
- I forgot.
- Uh...
- I'll go to the store.
- No. it's okay. It's okay.
I just. um...
- I'll take a shower. That'll wake me up.
- Okay.
Oh. this book is amazing.
It's an investment. but it's so worth it
once you get a few hundred pages in.
Must be nice to
have time to read.
Hey. Are you okay?
Fine. I'm just tired.
Well. why don't
we call it a night?
I can't. I have to finish
this fucking website.
How is that your job on
top of everything else?
Why can't Andrea hire
someone to do that?
She's cheap as shit.
God. I can't wait until
we have enough money
for you to quit that place.
Yeah. Me either.
Are you sure everything's okay?
What did you do all day?
I worked.
What does that mean?
I painted. Whitney.
When I came home.
you were napping.
Because I was
tired from painting.
Oh. that doesn't
seem legitimate to you?
Why can't I ever see
anything you're working on?
Because it's not ready yet.
Whitney. what the
hell is wrong with you?
I want you to contribute
here. I want you to help me out.
And you think I don't?
I don't want to have to pay
the rent by myself every month.
- So let's go to city hall.
- What?
Let's just go get married
at city hall tonight.
- It's closed.
- Tomorrow. then.
Let's go to city hall and get it over
with so I can take this idiotic test
so I can work in this
godforsaken country.
Why are we planning a
wedding months from now?
It makes no sense.
It does to me.
But. I mean. come on.
Let's just get married.
- Don't you want to?
- Of course I want to.
But I want a wedding at
my grandparents' house.
It's bad enough that we have three
months to plan it in the middle of winter;
now you don't want to do it at all?
Now you just want to get it over with?
- That's not what I said.
- Yes. it is! That is what you said.
It was just a thought.
Please come back to bed.
We should probably practice
some more interview questions.
Okay.
What's my favorite color?
Cobalt blue.
- How many cousins do I have?
- Thirteen.
Where did we meet?
Spring Fling.
- Whose house is this?
- Carolina Wineman.
Her husband's a director. Barry?
- This is Barry Wineman's house?
- Yep.
- Jesus. Mom. How did this happen?
- Nepotism.
I-I guess Barry hasn't
had a hit movie in a while.
so Sasha's doing his new one.
so Barry owes Sasha a favor. so...
I'm trying to start a
new career later in life.
I will take all the help I can get.
What should I do with these walls?
What's her budget?
She doesn't seem to have one.
Um...
Maybe a big Harold
Ancart mixed media here?
Maybe a Joyce Pensato charcoal
there. a Kerry James Marshall here.
I think I can get her a
discount through the gallery.
Andrea's brother represents her.
What?
I don't know. I'm
just so proud of you.
- You are?
- Yeah. I mean. look at you.
Twenty-four years old.
and you're so successful.
- Not exactly.
- Well. yeah.
Do you know what I
was doing when I was 24?
- What?
- Well...
I had followed your
father to Europe.
and I was working...
in a bagel factory to support
us while he wrote his "memoir."
Hey. Mom. it's 10:00 a.m.
Wow. so a bagel factory.
You never told me that.
Yeah.
I think I probably
tried to block it out.
For how long?
Um... I don't know.
A long time.
A year. I think?
I hated it.
Why didn't you leave?
I was probably...
I don't know. afraid of
disappointing your father?
I really wish I hadn't spent so much
time doing that when I was younger.
I could have accomplished
so much more.
Hey. Mom?
How are you doing financially?
Oh. God. I'm in a fucking hole.
I mean. I don't... that's...
I need this job to go well.
Or I'm afraid I'm gonna
have to sell the house.
Or pull your brother and
sister out of school. Or both.
Why? How are you?
We're fine.
Hi. I'm so sorry I'm late.
Traffic was insane.
Honey.
How could you not have told
me that you know the vagina man.
never mind dated him?
Oh. well... It really
didn't end well. so I...
Well. I'm sorry. men are
dogs. But I am absolutely thrilled
that we are still invited to his
opening at The Broad tonight.
You know what? I
actually lost the invitation.
I'm really sorry. Security's
so tight at events like that.
Oh. and I found it.
Look. Andrea. I just don't think that
my fiancé would appreciate me going
to an event like this
with my ex-boyfriend.
That is so sweet.
But it's irrelevant.
What I'm getting at...
is that you are going to this
opening at The Broad tonight.
Because I... am going.
What?
I didn't say anything.
How do I look?
Like someone else.
Good. That's the point.
Where you going?
There's an opening
at The Broad tonight.
Oh. wow. The Broad.
That monument to postwar capitalism
masquerading as accessible art.
I'm sorry. but Basquiat
is at The Broad.
Ed Ruscha. Jasper Johns.
How can you possibly look
down on an institution like that?
Because it's not
really a museum.
It's a glorified. Instagrammable
storage locker for money and ego.
You don't have to come.
I wasn't invited.
Whose opening are
you even going to?
Photographer named Furkat.
That guy? Are you kidding?
That man should be in prison.
not a museum. He's a pedophile.
You know. as much as I'd love
to stick around for another lecture
about the moral bankruptcy of
modern Neo-Pop. I have to go.
You don't have to do anything.
Actually. Colin. I do.
I have to make a living.
and sometimes that means
interacting with
people who don't live up
to your impossible
standard of artistic integrity.
You like it.
- What?
- Admit it. you like it.
You like getting dressed up and
hanging out with the popular crowd.
You think it makes you cool.
You really can be such a dick.
Oh. my God. Everybody's here.
Um. if people ask if we're
sisters. just say yes. right?
I mean. wouldn't that be fun?
- Sure. Andrea.
- Okay.
Whatever you want.
Here she is.
Whitney Solloway.
The one that got away.
Oh. uh. my love. I must introduce
you to a dear friend of mine.
Dashiell?
Oh.
- Dashiell Boucicault.
- Hi.
Ah. Lindsay's mentioned you.
Lindsay?
Thanks. It's the name
my mama gave me.
Andrea Rossman.
Whitney is my gallery assistant.
Oh. Hello.
I. uh. have been a
fan of yours for years.
I would love to pick your brain
about the collection that you've built.
Have you seen the Therrien?
It will make you feel so small.
He's a very important collector.
- Do you know him?
- No.
Uh. he's opening a
new gallery in New York.
I'm hoping to be
his inaugural artist.
I'm sure you will be.
He'll need an assistant.
And you could use an upgrade.
Yeah. I'm fine where I am.
Darling. um. come with me.
I need to talk to you.
I think I should go
rescue your friend
- from Andrea.
- Listen. I...
I have to show you something.
The last time we went somewhere
to talk. it didn't go so well.
I think we've both come
a long way from Paris.
Haven't we?
Come on.
So. are you gonna
apologize now or what?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. Whitney.
I was an ass.
There's not a... a day goes by
where I don't regret
what happened in Paris.
That I could do that to
any woman. but to you.
the perfect...
perfect woman.
I'm sorry.
Will you forgive me?
Please. please forgive me.
Furkat.
- Stop. Get up. You're embarrassing me.
- Not until you forgive me.
- Oh. my God. stop it. You're... Stand up.
- Not until you forgive me!
What is happening?
It's all for you.
Furkat. please. just stand up.
- Do you forgive me?
- Yes.
- No. you don't.
- Please. Furkat. just stand up.
- Say it.
- Say what?
- Say you forgive me.
- I do. I forgive you. Just get up!
I forgive you. I forgive
you. I forgive you.
Stop. Stop.
So. how long have
you known F... Lindsay?
Uh. we met a few
months ago at Basel.
He's very talented.
That's funny.
He says the same
thing about you.
- He does?
- Mm-hm.
He said that you
have an amazing eye.
They are so beautiful.
Yeah. I was just thinking that.
You should join them.
Prefer to watch?
Yeah. me. too.
You know. I used to want to model
for Lindsay. when I was younger.
- When you were younger.
- Well. I meant...
Yeah. I know what you meant.
And now?
I don't want to be
looked at anymore.
I want to be the one
that does the looking.
Well. that is where
all the power lies.
If you could have
everything you wanted.
what would it look like?
Well...
Somebody would give me the money
to start my own gallery where I could...
foster new artists.
Younger artists.
So much of what I see now
feels recycled. redundant...
built for an audience that already exists
as opposed to in search of a new one.
I'd want to promote artists
that are digging deeper.
that are looking for something amorphous
that haunts them. that haunts me.
that I just don't have
the language for.
Oh. my God. I sound
like a fucking idiot.
No. no. That's...
That's beautiful.
I've had enough. I think.
Ah.
Hello. Lindsay.
Excuse me. Dashiell.
Do you mind if I. um...
just borrow this
one for a moment?
God. you're so beautiful.
I really missed you.
I missed this so much.
Wait. stop. I think
someone's here.
Furkat. someone's here.
Don't worry about it.
He likes to watch.
But...
He could give you a gallery.
Wait.
♪ Behind an always
unforgettable laugh ♪
♪ There are traces of
the ways You used to cry ♪
♪ Cannot count the ways
You used to love me ♪
♪ But I can count the
ways You used to try ♪
♪ Heaven knows
I've watched you fall ♪
♪ To find the makings of a lie ♪
♪ And so it begins And
so it takes a toll on ♪
♪ So it never ends So
you begin to hold on ♪
♪ To all of the little things ♪
♪ That you left behind ♪
♪ All of the little things
You keep to remind ♪
♪ That you keep ♪
♪ To remind ♪
♪ The cries are just the start ♪
♪ To a fallen angel ♪
♪ While one hand
takes the cross ♪
♪ Another lights the candle ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m. somewhere ♪
♪ They're packing
up the pieces ♪
♪ Of a broken love affair ♪
♪ And making it look easy ♪
♪ Why would I ♪
♪ Have to spare you? ♪
♪ Alone is not ♪
♪ Your favorite game ♪
♪ Well. how dare you ♪
♪ I'm counting days ♪
♪ Like I won't ever
get them back again ♪
♪ Heaven knows
I've watched you fall ♪
♪ To find the makings of a lie ♪
♪ And so it begins And
so it takes a toll on ♪
♪ So it never ends.
so you begin ♪
♪ To hold on ♪
♪ To all of the little things ♪
♪ That you left behind ♪
♪ All of the little things
You keep to remind ♪
♪ That you keep to remind ♪
♪ The cries are just the start ♪
♪ To a fallen angel While
one hand takes the cross ♪
♪ Another lights the candle
It's 5:00 a.m. somewhere ♪
♪ They're packing
up the pieces ♪
♪ Of a broken love affair ♪
♪ And making it look... ♪
♪ The cries are just the start ♪
♪ To a fallen angel ♪
♪ While one hand
takes the cross ♪
♪ Another lights the candle ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m. somewhere ♪
♪ They're packing
up the pieces ♪
♪ Of a broken love affair ♪
♪ They're making it look easy ♪
♪ They're making it look... ♪
♪ The cries are just the start ♪
♪ To a fallen angel ♪
♪ While one hand
takes the cross ♪
♪ Another lights the candle ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m. somewhere ♪
♪ They're packing
up the pieces ♪
♪ Of a broken love affair ♪
♪ And making it look... ♪
♪ The cries are just the start ♪
♪ To a fallen angel... ♪
♪ While one hand
takes the cross ♪
♪ Another lights the candle ♪
♪ It's 5:00 a.m. somewhere ♪
♪ They're packing
up the pieces ♪
♪ Of a broken love affair ♪
♪ They're making it look ♪
♪ Easy ♪
Hi. Dad.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-